---
title: "So, it has been about a year since I decided to leave Sarah Lawrence..."
date: 2009-11-09T03:28:08+01:00
---

So, it has been about a year since I decided to leave Sarah Lawrence without a plan or an idea of what the future might bring. I wish I could say that I understand the story of my past year, or that I could turn it into some kind of anecdote for others out there who are struggling to find their way in life.

But I don't think I can yet. What I do know is that somehow things have improved. Every day isn't a chore right now, and I'm not consistently scared about what I'm doing or where my life is headed. I've been trying to work hard, but I wish I knew more specifically what parts of the effort I have been putting out have helped me to feel like I have re-entered the world around me.

Sure, I'm still usually at home, and I have a hard time going out and meeting new people. But I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing. I'm allowed a certain amount of misanthropy and melancholy, without those things I probably wouldn't be who I am, honestly.

However, I'm now regularly doing things and effectively taking care of myself day after day. That I have arrived here after only a year is no small feat, and I'm grateful for all the help from all the people in my life that I've had along the way. It's cheesy and cliche, but I don't express my appreciation enough, and I hope you know how much you mean to me. (You all know who you are.)

I don't expect this to find its way to many people I don't know, but to anyone who might be listening who is experiencing stumbling blocks that you don't understand in your life, I hope you can find the heart to reach out to the people who love you (you'll know them by the fact that they'll return your phone calls) and ask them for anything that you need, even if you don't know what that is.
